Replace 'event' with 'tag' in explainer (#161)
WebAssembly/exception-handling: proposals/exception-handling/Exceptions.md

1. If the call stack is exhausted without any enclosing try blocks, the embedder
   defines how to handle the uncaught exception.

### Exception handling

This proposal adds exception handling to WebAssembly. Part of this proposal is
to define a new section to declare exceptions. However, rather than limiting
this new section to just defining exceptions, it defines a more general format
that allows the declaration of other forms of events in future.

In general, an event handler allows one to process an event generated by a block

> of code. Events suspend the current execution and look for a corresponding event

Author: Thanks for the suggestion; I think the distinction makes the text a lot clearer. Fixed many parts of the existing text.

1. If the call stack is exhausted without any enclosing try blocks, the embedder
   defines how to handle the uncaught exception.

### Exception handling

This proposal adds exception handling to WebAssembly. Part of this proposal is
to define a new section to declare exceptions. However, rather than limiting
this new section to just defining exceptions, it defines a more general format
`tag` that allows the declaration of other forms of typed tags in future.

WebAssembly tags are defined in a new `tag` section of a WebAssembly module. The

> tag section is a list of declared tags associated with the module.

Reviewer: Nit: "associated with the module" isn't very clear.
```suggestion
tag section is a list of declared tags that are created fresh each time the module is instantiated.
```

Each tag has an `attribute` and a `type`. Currently, the attribute can only
specify that the tag is for an exception. In the future, additional attribute
values may be added when other kinds of tags are added to WebAssembly.

To allow for such a future extension possibility, we reserve a byte in the
binary format of an exception definition, set to 0 to denote an exception
attribute.

### Exceptions

An `exception tag` is a value to distinguish different exceptions, while an
`exception tag index` is a numeric name to refer to an (imported or defined)
exception tag within a module (see [tag index space](#tag-index-space) for

> details). Exception tags are defined in the tag and import sections of a module.

Reviewer: Nit (because an import is not a definition in itself):
```suggestion
details). Exception tags are declared in the tag and import sections of a module.
```

An `exception` is an internal construct in WebAssembly that represents a runtime

> object that can be thrown. A WebAssembly exception is defined by an exception

Reviewer: ```suggestion
object that can be thrown. A WebAssembly exception consists of an exception
```

tag and its runtime arguments.

The type of an exception tag is denoted by an index to a function signature
defined in the `type` section. The parameters of the function signature define

> the list of values associated with the tag. The result type must be empty.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the list of argument values associated with the tag. The result type must be empty.
```

#### Other Types

##### tag_type

We reserve a bit to denote the exception attribute:

| Name      | Value |
|-----------|-------|
| Exception | 0     |

Each tag type has the fields:

| Field | Type | Description |
|-------|------|-------------|

> | `attribute` | `varuint32` | The attribute of a tag. |

Reviewer: Obviously a separate issue, but I'm just noticing this while I'm here: I'd conservatively make this a `uint8` for the time being, since we do not know yet how exactly this is gonna be used in the future, and a zero `uint8` is still forward compatible with `varuint32`. That's what we did in other places anyway.

Author: I can do that as a followup PR. But why `uint8` better than `varuint32` here?

Reviewer: It's both more conservative and faster to decode. No reason to bother with allowing multibyte representations of 0 before we even know that we'll need them.

A single-byte unsigned integer indicating the kind of definition being imported
or defined:

* `4` indicating a `Tag`
[import](https://github.com/WebAssembly/design/blob/main/BinaryEncoding.md#import-section) or
[definition](#tag-section)

### Module structure

#### High-level structure

A new `tag` section is introduced. If included, it must appear immediately after

> the memory section.

Author: Thanks; removed.

| Function | `3` | Function declarations |
| Table | `4` | Indirect function table and other tables |
| Memory | `5` | Memory attributes |
| Tag | `13` | Tag declarations |
| Global | `6` | Global declarations |
| Export | `7` | Exports |
| Start | `8` | Start function declaration |
| Element | `9` | Elements section |
| Code | `10` | Function bodies (code) |
| Data | `11` | Data segments |

The tag section declares a list of tag types as follows:

| Field | Type | Description |
|-------|------|-------------|
| count | `varuint32` | count of the number of tags to follow |

> | type | `tag_type*` | The definitions of the tag types |

Reviewer 2: Is `tag_type` defined anywhere?

Author: While creating this PR, I found multiple occurrences that we had missed when we had replaced 'exception' with 'event' before, and I tried to replace 'event' with 'tag' in this PR, so I missed those remaining 'exception's.. It was written as `exception_type`. I changed it to `tag_type` now.

##### Import section

The import section is extended to include exception definitions by extending an
`import_entry` as follows:

If the `kind` is `Tag`:

| Field | Type | Description |
|-------|------|-------------|
| `type` | `tag_type` | the tag being imported |

##### Export section

The export section is extended to reference exception types by extending an
`export_entry` as follows:

If the `kind` is `Tag`:

| Field | Type | Description |
|-------|------|-------------|

> | `index` | `varuint32` | the index into the corresponding exception index space |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `index` | `varuint32` | the index into the corresponding tag index space |
```

I would expect the tag section and tag imports to define a tag index space.
